Create a "Rank S" system with these features:

1. Create User accounts: Super Admin, Regular Admin, Gym Members

2. Super Admin: Functions
	a. Audit Trail
	b. Login Logs
	c. Create, ID for Gym Members with (QR Code, Bar Code, PIN)
	d. Can also Modify, Reset the Information of the Gym Members

3. Regular Admin Functions
	a. Create Gym Members Account
	b. Can also Modify, Reset the Information of the Gym Members
	c. Can View, Monitor how many came in for the day
	d. Can issue temporary receipt for Walk-in and Gym Members every time they came in
	e. Create, ID for Gym Members with (QR Code, Bar Code, PIN)
	f. Can also Modify, Reset the Information of the Gym Members

4. Gym Members
	a. Can accumulate points every time they came to gym
	b. there is a Level Up System for the points accumulated
	d. Can enter their personal information

4. Login Monitoring for whose coming inside the Gym using Walk-in, Gym Members

5. There is a Level Up System every time a Gym Member went for Gym
	a. Levels are F, E, D, C, B, A, S, SS, SSS (F lowest and SSS highest level)
	b. Settings for the threshold for the points for every level up

6. POS for the products or merchandise sold inside the gym with inventory stocks.

7. Can view to a separate monitor or page who came in the gym with their Rank Level.


---

Reports Daily, Weekly, Monthly


Inventory Sales
Gym Goers (Walk-in and Members)

-------

Add Features and Settings 

1. for fee or price for every walk-in
2. Membership for Gym Members 
	a. Student
	b. Regular
	c. Senior Citizen

3. Different Membership Rate for different type of members
	a. Monthly
	b. 6 Monthly
	c. Yearly
	d. Lifetime

4. Different Fee for the members every time they go to the gym

5. Will notify the admin and member if the membership is expired

6. If the membership is expired and does not want to renew, the profile will stay but charged as walk-in

7. Admins can add, modify, delete the duration of the membership without pay

8. Every time a member and walk-in go to the gym there will be a automatic inventory sales for them

9. Separate Kiosk Login for Members and Walk-in

10. Make a new and separate Lobby Monitor highlighting the last checked in

-------

Membership Plans
1. When Adding a Plan, make the category editable

Kiosk Problem
1. Gym Member has the same PIN, make it that it wont conflict with another

Member Creation 
1. Break down the name into First and Last

Lobby 
1. Dont Display the Full Name




-------


----------------------------------------

MongoDB

User: r4pt3ch_db_user
Pass: jKRyaPoyHdQQL361

mongodb+srv://r4pt3ch_db_user:jKRyaPoyHdQQL361@rank00.3ru69bv.mongodb.net/?appName=rank00

JWT_SECRET:fd6d8b2117013c8cb63c213d80530d427b0b04d8ed2a20960baaa1184e38ffb1